When you use Parshall's in loops specifically, you can use the each directive instead of loop directive
combined with include that each DirecTV has four arguments.
First is the partial template name.
Second, their collection to render.
First, the name of the iteration variable made available in the partial template that's posed in our
case for optional is the partial template name to render when the collection is empty.
So it's like an equivalent of empty in the four hours directive.
With each directive, however.
The partial template does not inherit any variables from the current context in our case.
The loop variable is not available to make this example work, we would need to temporarily comment
out the code that depends on the low preferrable.
But first, let's comb it out for ourselves and let's see how it goes.
So refreshing, you can see an error, there is an undefined variable loop and, well, exactly, that's
the problem because it's not being inherited as it would be when you use to include directive.
So if we just comment out the code, depending on it, and just leave this template to be as simple
as this, rendering the title.
It actually would work.
So you should know that there is a shorthand alternative to render a collection using partials that
each directive but beware if you need to partial to inherit the variables, stick to the other directives
combined with include.
Let's bring back the code to the previous state, as I just wanted to show you this each directive,
but we will stick to four else for this example.